Project Description

This project’s name is flash in the pan which means good things rarely come. On the other hand, I want to use this project to express the concept of cherishing. Based on this concept, I decided to build some geometries in three.js with a music. 

First of all, I quoted the library of three.js and set the size of window, besides, I
created a scene, camera, light and renderer as well. For the light, I set the light’s RGB equal 255. The next step, I thought I need to build a world to make the project look dreamy. Therefore I wrote a geometry of Sphere and added a texture of sky on it as the world. Then I set the camera’s position in the geometry and then wrote the coding of texture and material to add opposite sticker to the geometry because I need to be in this world. In addition, I divided a picture into 9 pieces, like a nine-square grid because I hoped that this image can reflect the transformation from fragments to complete through the process of rotation. Therefore, I wrote 9 geometries of box arranged them in the shape of a nine-square grid through the coding of position.set. Then, I wrote the coding of ‘myTextureLoader.load’ and uploaded the 9 pictures on mimic to make sure the geometries get the stickers. I wrote the coding of ‘new THREE.MeshBasicMateria’l, ‘new THREE.Mesh’ and added these ‘meshes’ in the scene. Additionally, another important thing is I need to make them rotation, so I wrote ‘function draw’ to make function of rotation can work then I tried three directions to rotate, which is x, y and z through the coding of rotation. Upon seeing the process. I thought y can provide the best effect, so I kept the rotation.y and set the speed to 0.01 because the speed did not make audiences feel dizzy.

However, I thought These effects still make this picture clear, so I decided to make it more blurry, then, I wanted to use the rotation of torus to make the occlusion effect on the picture, so I wrote the coding of ‘new THREE.TorusGeometry’ to make a torus. Furthermore, I wrote the coding of rotation.x and rotation.y. as well to make it look like spinning fast. Then I wrote the coding of ‘new THREE.SphereGeometry’ and set it’s position to make a rotating curved ground, which made the this project more interesting. However, I thought Adding background sound will make this project more interesting. Therefore, I wrote the coding of button to control the music on and uploaded a song on mimic. In order to make the music work, I wrote a coding of function and quoted the document of music and wrote ‘if’ in the function. At last, I wrote a function of ‘onWindowResize’ to make the image fit the screen size.

I hoped to express the concept of cherishing through the switching fragmentation and completeness of the picture because audiences tend to want to see the full pattern, but the full picture is only a split second away, so they'll be paying attention to it.

Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AOfrrkqLUU
